The.
Good evening. Hello.
Okay, this is interesting.
I see a lot of friendly faces,
a lot of familiar faces.
Not sure if that's because I was here in
the first two weeks or everyone decided
to join the Monday session this week.
What are you guys doing?
Brilliant.
Brilliant. Awesome.
I'm good, Ben. How are you?
I'm not to bad myself.
Alright, so Looney, is she joining?
Where is she?
Hey, somebody.
I think everyone would be looking forward
to the long weekend.
Yeah, looks like it.
Absolutely.
Very long weekend followed by the
trimester break as well, right?
So should be a nice opportunity to catch
up on work.
And take a break.
Well, I think Seleni is already here.
Seleni, you're on mute. Well, it's, yeah,
it's your class.
Hi,
so I was just trying to set up my system.
Yeah.
Awesome. Okay,
so you have your link to over here.
I am just here for support.
Perfect.
Yes, hi, good evening. Before we start,
let's start with anyone who has doubts
for the test, which will be in this week.
I think the emails have already been sent
out to you.
Is there anyone who has not received any
emails or is there anyone who has some
doubts?
We'll start with that. Yes, Liam.
Just.
With the test, it's just about, I guess,
maybe remember, like,
what if I forget some details on the day,
I guess?
Sorry.
Like, if I forget, um, oh, uh, like, if I,
if I forget...
On the day, like, how do I manage that?
Like, I, like, just not panicking,
I guess.
That's a very nice question. But see,
my suggestion would be to take the test
with a very clear head.
You don't have to stress so much.
If you've prepared well,
you know that you're going to ace it.
If not, it's just a practise test.
It's not the actual actual test.
If there are any mistakes or anything,
the tutors,
when they're checking your assessment,
they will let you know that, okay,
this was the minor issue or this was
something that you could fix it and
submit it again.
So I would say that just give the test
with a clear head. Don't try to, you know,
don't try to look into different screens
or use AI or anything.
Just leave the question empty or.
Just write what you know,
and then we will talk about it in the
next seminar class on, OK,
this is what happened.
This is where you know I faced an issue.
Can you help me solve it?
That's what my recommendation would be.
Do you have anything to add on to it, Ben?
Well, no, it's not really.
When it comes to test, right,
I guess the only thing you can do for the
time being is, well, not panic.
I know it's easier said than done, right?
We all end up panicking during tests.
But the only thing you can do is be
prepared, be very well prepared,
and have some confidence. I mean,
you've done this.
You know, you got here so far,
you've been working on your task,
what is what week, till week five,
week six,
or some of you might have even gone,
you know, gone beyond that,
so don't worry about it, you'll do fine.
If something goes wrong,
you will get another opportunity,
so don't, you don't have to freak out.
I know, it's very,
very easy to say all that, but trust me,
Yes.
it sounds very scary, you know,
when you hear the word test or exam or
something like that,
but it's not that much.
I hope we could help you out.
I hope that puts you on my invest.
Got you.
Gotcha. Thank you.
Yes, Mohammad, you have question?
Yes, I was just two questions, obviously.
So the structure of the test would be
The.
from the sample test.
Is it like the exact same structure, like,
you know, exact same amount of questions?
Secondly, so once, let's say,
we start this test,
we can finish it within those time frames,
right?
It's not like Proctor that we have to
just sit.
and someone's watching us. It's like,
you know, once you start it,
let's say in the morning,
you can finish it by tomorrow night.
It doesn't matter.
And you can do it on paper as well.
So to answer that question first,
that do you have the same amount of
questions?
I think you have the same amount of
questions.
It's usually five or six questions.
If you ask that,
will it be the same questions? No,
it won't be the same questions.
It would be similar questions.
No.
So it might have two hand execution.
It might have one programme for you to
write similar.
but it won't have the same question.
And I just want a little more
clarification on what you meant by we can
complete the test at our own time.
Basically, like within the time frame,
it's not like we have to complete it in
Help.
two hours or so.
Let's say if the test is available on
Thursday morning,
then I can just start on it and finish it
by Friday night. That's what I mean.
I am not sure that you can do that.
It's more on the end that on Thursday you
will be given a time slot.
And based on the time slot,
you come into that time slot,
keep your cameras on, work on the test,
and then submit it. And then, yeah,
that's how it works.
So you don't have to sit for the entire
time.
one hour 50 minutes,
you can complete the test and then you
can just go.
But then you have to do it under
supervision and not at your own end.
If that makes sense.
Yeah.
It's to answer your question,
it is kind of proctored, right?
So you would be sitting in a given time
slot and finishing your test. And yeah,
I was trying that first part about
whether or not you'll be able to complete
that. Well, it depends on you. Ideally,
yes.
And about the types of questions that you
will be asked, it's all covered so far.
Right,
so I think the first couple of weeks,
anyway,
as long as you're comfortable with what
has been taught,
it should be it should be opened.
Don't worry, we won't ask you, you know,
really,
really complicated weird questions.
It'll only touch on what you already
learned so far.
There's a message, Toby,
I think you've posted a screenshot.
You may complete the test at any time
between 2nd April, Thursday, 11 A.m.
and 3rd April, 11.59 P.m. Oh,
I don't know how this e-mail is being
sent. As far as my knowledge,
this is how it works that you have two
hours of supervision in which you need to
sit.
and you need to keep your cameras on and
you need to give the test.
But I understand the confusion and I
understand the e-mail.
What I'm going to do is I am going to
cross-check with Aaron again on what is
it like.
Yeah,
we can definitely have a chat with Aaron.
He did mention something about the test.
What I can do is I'll take a look at his
message while Saloni you can continue
with the session.
And I'll post a very brief, you know,
condensed version of what he said in chat.
If that bugs.
Is it possible for you to also cheque on
the timings Ben,
like what time is the test,
like 6 to 8 or 5 to 7 or what is the
exact time?
Yeah, yeah, let me take a look at that,
please.
Yeah,
that would answer a lot of questions. OK.
I'll do that.
When will the task start, test start? OK,
how do we get it supervised?
I was speaking long,
so coming is on giving attention,
that's why mine was too too full.
Okay,
I think we all have the same questions on
the chat,
but we are getting it sorted from Ben,
so we'll have to wait for some time to
get a reply. Okay,
Yeah.
OK, sure.
we'll start with the session today.
I would repeat again,
does anyone have any doubts before we
move ahead?
Because the test is the important part
and I want you to.
have the time and space to ask as many
questions as you like.
Does anyone have any questions regarding?
Yeah, please go ahead.
Yeah, I have a question.
I'm trying to type it in the chat.
You can just say,
I think if that's more easier or
comfortable.
It's just I wanted to follow the
nitty-gritty of the e-mail, you know,
because for online students,
it's been said that it's open from like
2nd April to, you know, 3rd April.
It's almost 24 hours, right?
Yeah,
that's the confusion we are having and
that's what we are trying to sort out.
Okay.
Yes.
Yeah, hang on. So,
just to confirm right now,
I think Aaron didn't mention it's on
Thursday and Friday, right? So, yeah,
it's on two days the tests now, yeah.
I think what he meant was there were two
slots,
one is on Thursday and one is on Friday,
and two hours on Thursday,
Yeah, yep, yep, yep.
two hours on Friday. And I think even,
I'm supervising both the test and I'm
marking with the test.
So that's what I think was there.
But, um, don't worry about it. We, uh,
Aaron looks like he's offline right now,
but we can definitely have a chat with
him and I get back to you.
Yeah,
I think from the e-mail it looks like
it's not proctored for online students.
That's what the e-mail we got. And it's,
it, you know,
it shows that it sounds like it's like
you can submit, you can,
it will be available for two days and you
can submit it any time.
That's what the e-mail says, basically.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, we get it,
but I don't think so.
That's technically a test, right?
It's more like a task, which you do.
A test is supposed to have,
supposed to be done under supervision,
right?
And that's what the meaning of test is.
So I understand that there's a lot of
confusion, but give us some time.
We'll get back to you once we have a
clear answer.
Yeah.
Joshua,
I think the message that you've posted is
for test 2, not for this test.
What happens is for the online student,
once they submit the test,
that would be in week 9.
And if they pass the test,
there would be interview to verify that
whatever concepts you have gone through.
till date, week 10,
do you understand those concepts?
So that would be like a basic interview
on what questions can be asked,
what are the topics that are covered,
what do you mean by maybe a struct or a
class or an object? It's based on that.
So that we'll talk later on in the.
course,
that's not something we need to be
focusing right now.
Yes,
I understand that we all want to know in
advance.
We'll try to get it sort today before the
session ends. Yeah.
Now, let's start with the seminar.
So we are in week 5.
We are moving on with the week.
We are leaning towards C now.
Earlier we were doing C and now we're
moving on to C.
Okay, so firstly, you should be,
for the online students,
we are trying to sort out when is the
test and what is the exact timing for the
test.
But you will also be seeing it soon when
Ben has an answer for it.
Once your test 1 results are out,
you will see the status,
which should be complete,
resubmit or redo. Incomplete,
you will have the green tick,
resubmit is yellow and redo is the entire
new thing. When it is complete,
that means you've done an excellent job
and you don't have to do anything.
If it's a resubmit,
it will mention what mistake you've done,
like which question you have made a
mistake in, question two, three, 4, 5,
whatever. It would be mentioned to you.
What you do is you change the answer from
what you have submitted in the test and
submit it onto the chat or as an
assignment itself.
A redo, however,
it means that you've not done the test
correctly. So what they will do is,
they would upload a supplementary test
for you in which you need to complete the
sheet and then submit the entire test
back.
So that's how it's done for the submit
and redo. Okay.
I think the SIT 102 volunteer programme
is out and I see a lot of announcements
and discussions happening around it.
It is for the students who are aiming for
D and HD.
It involves you guys assisting during the
seminars and Help Hub,
whether it's online or on campus.
So it's a very good approach.
Fortunately,
I think I mentioned it in week one and
consecutive weeks that it's very good to
develop your communication and teaching
skills. Also, it will,
you can use it as an evidence for D1 task.
You can also include it in your resume
and you can also include it on your
LinkedIn profile,
which is a very good thing currently
because LinkedIn is something.
which is very important if you want to
get into academia and corporate side of
it. So try if you have,
if you're aiming for D or ADHDgroup,
please volunteer for the program.
Please put in your applications and see
how it goes.
I think for the volunteer program,
it has some prerequisites.
Make sure that you cheque the
prerequisites before you move forward.
The applications are due by the end of
week 5, which is before,
so by the end of this week.
So make sure that you do it before Sunday.
Okay.
I get a lot of messages till date that we
cannot ask for extension. On OnTrack,
there's a request extension button.
If you want to ask for an extension,
make sure that you use it so that you're
not at least getting feedback. Okay,
it is.
It is advisable that you submit a task
late compared to not submitting at all.
So make sure that you have submitted the
task. We have the seminars running,
we have the health hubs running,
we have a lot of discussion happening in
the Teams channel,
and all the tutors are available to make
sure that you're using all the resources
correctly.
I think we do talk about it in all the
seminars that the summary and the
reflection examples.
I see it improved a lot because I feel
like now everyone is getting a hang of
how the unit works. But still,
if you have any questions,
feel free to reach out to us and ask more
questions about it.
We have the resources available,
the seminars, which the online seminars,
the Teams channel, Help Hubs,
and the past sessions.
Past sessions have already started.
I think Mukund is someone who's taking
the sessions and it's going really well.
There are lots of students asking doubts
and queries and seeking help from it.
I saw a lot of submissions in which the
students have submitted wrong tasks
because they're using the wrong
programmer's guide.
Make sure that you're using version one,
V1 of the programmer's guide.
Today,
we'll go through the questions really
quickly, what questions we had,
because last class we focused a lot on
test one rather than the tasks,
but we'll focus a lot on the common
questions if you guys have,
and we'll go through the test one again
if anyone wants me to repeat a certain
part saying,
What is the hand execution?
How do we do it? All of it.
Any questions you have,
we are happy to solve it again.
That's all I have for week for this week.
Does anyone have any questions?
DENMAN, you have a question?
You've raised your hand.
I have one question about...
No, no,
I just had another question about
manually tracing control flow design
execution. Is that okay?
That's for everyone else's benefit if
someone else is stuck with something like
this. Now,
what you've done with your hand execution,
again,
as long as you followed the step and
structure that's presented in the
programmer's view,
that you should be fine.
Right, but again,
without looking at your submission,
I can't really give you feedback,
or we both can't.
You need to get in touch with your tutor,
right? Once they have,
once you submit your work,
once they take a look at that,
they can provide you more detailed
feedback and give you some, some,
you know,
additional pointers if you made a mistake.
I hope that answers your question.
Okay.
Help.
the variables correctly.
So the questions would be very simple and
not very complex.
Please do understand that programming is
not about memorising a piece of code,
right? So you won't be asked to, you know,
memorise something from the field guide
and then perfectly recreate that.
That's not going to happen.
It's mostly going to be your
understanding, right?
So you would have worked on a couple of
examples around loops.
You would have worked on many examples
about sequences.
this will be something similar, right?
So how do you read an input from the
console, right?
You might have read a name before,
you might have read the age before,
this time I do something else,
but it is the same logic.
So stuff like that. Logically,
it'll be exactly the same, but of course,
things might vary in there.
All right, so let me back to you.
Yes. So how to volunteer for the program?
I see the announcement on the Teams
channel.
Make sure that you go back to the
announcement,
have a look on how to apply for it,
and what is the prerequisite for it,
and then you can apply for the program.
but we copy the codes from the programmer
guide. Yes,
you do the guided tools from the
programmer's guide by copying it,
but for the test your knowledge part,
I think you write your own code.
I don't think so.
It's given and you can copy paste. So,
but still, it's not late.
You can practise writing the codes now by
yourself.
and see whether you can do it without
using programmer's guide. If you cannot,
make sure that you don't do it directly,
but you understand the logic,
you understand the question of the
program, and then go ahead with it.
I think Mohammad, Mayor, AZIZI,
I feel like the same thing.
The e-mail will sort it out and I'll get
back to you once we have the answer for
it.
Yes,
so the session is what I have to give,
like the information that I had.
I have shared everything for this week.
So yes, we're done.
If you have any questions,
you can wait back and ask us as many
questions as you have so that we can
answer your question.
If you want to go into the breakout room,
we can start doing that as well.
So, yeah.
So just want to clarify the test on
OnTrack is the practise test. Yes,
that is the practise test.
Can I use Note?
They don't think so you're allowed to use
a note or anything like that. If someone,
if the supervisor,
they catch you and they'd be like, hey,
can you share your screen or something
like that?
It's going to be a lot of chaos.
I would not suggest you to use any notes.
Yes,
so we are discussing the concepts till P4,
P5 today, so that we,
so we are very prepared for the test.
If you have any doubts based on the
concepts or if you have something that
you want me to, you know,
repeat from the last class,
I'm happy to do it. If you want,
we can go again.
go over again with the hand execution or
the final code or any questions you have.
I'm more than happy to do it.
Yeah, the spelling mistakes are fine.
That's completely okay.
Yeah. DENMAN, do you have any question?
You have your hand raised.
Okay, Mohammad made AZIZI,
you have your hand raised.
Well,
I was actually just asking about the
spelling mistakes, and with the code,
like, obviously with the code editor,
with the test, we can't use VS Code,
so how do we make sure our program's
working?
You do not test whether your programme is
working or no.
You just write it on the test.
We will cheque whether your programme
will work or no.
You don't have to run it or execute it.
Okay, alright.
Makes sense.
Okay,
is there anyone who wants to hop into the
breakout room?
Please raise your hand and we can start
doing it.
Okay,
I see three people raising their hands.
While I have this, just a quick thing,
when we are going into the breakout room,
I would want you to own your camera and
your mic should be working. If not,
please.
We can't do the breakout room.
You need to ask your questions in the
Teams meeting. Okay.
So make sure if you're going into the
breakout room,
your mic and your camera is working,
else it's not possible to go into the
breakout room. Okay.
Five people, alright.
Um...
Okay, Ben,
I think you can do the breakout room.
I don't know why,
but I can't do breakout room.
I directly call the student.
So what we can do is, you know,
how on the screen,
if you see the hands raised.
Yeah, yep, yep, yep, not all.
Yeah, so I'll start from those.
I'll start from the start.
You can start from the bottom so that we
can do that.
Okay,
so you start from number one and start
from #5, right?
Yes, so you're going with a...
All right, let's do that.
I think you'll start with Adnan.
No problem.
Yeah, no, for me, you know,
it's different for me.
And I'll start with...
It's Shahad Al Abbasi, that's #5,
Denman is #4. OK, this.
I don't think so.
Denman has the mic working,
so we do not have to.
Hawawreh.
Okay, interesting.
So we just have four people.
Yes.
Yeah, it gets very difficult, you know,
because you have your camera and mic on
and the student is typing,
so it wastes a lot of time.
Yeah, I know,
I know that can be interesting. No,
So it's better to do it on Teams on the
testing. Yeah. Okay,
no problem, no problem, alright.
I'll start with Mohammad Imad Kasim.
I'm just giving you a call.
Perfect. Shahad, I'll call you. All right.
Okay, Adnan.
Are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Okay, so I will give you a call.
Just give me one second.
Hey, who was next? Adnan,
I think I'll be calling you next.
And Rabinder,
I think I suddenly might call you after
that. And just FYI,
we have the confirmation from the unit
chair as well. It's about your test.
So online students.
May complete the test anytime between the
2nd of April, 11 A.m.
and the 3rd of April, 11.59 P.m. Right,
so submissions will not be accepted after
that day, right?
So you can do that in your own time
between the date and the times that's
specified, right? It's not.
technically supervised.
Okay, Adnan looks like he's on hold.
Rubin, I think I'll call you next. Yeah.
KAINE.
Okay.
Rameshwar Rokamagar, are you still there?
Yes, I can hear Islam here.
Yes, I'll call you.
No worries, thank you.
Thank you.
Hi,
so I have received a message from Aaron
and he said that the online student do
the test in their own time between the
dates specified.
So you can complete your test in the
dates specified to you. Okay.
OK, dropping through, we just had a chat.
Yeah.
And it's still on hold. Interesting.
That's Faluni.
I think we've gone through everyone.
Yes, Anthony,
I think it's past due date by 18 hours.
So I am not very sure if you will receive
a feedback.
But what you can do is you can submit
your assignment and drop a message to
your tutor saying that,
is it possible to still have a feedback?
If your tutor has that extra time,
he might,
he or she might give you the feedback.
If not, no,
it's highly unlikely to get a feedback.
Yeah, generally when we have with OnTrack,
right,
I think it's a very common misconception
that submitting something is the same as
completing it. It's actually not.
Completion means you've received your
feedback, you address any issues,
and your tutor has signed off on your
submission.
Right?
Unless something changed with the
description, that's what it usually means.
So that's one of the reasons why we
normally recommend if your submission
says it's, you know,
completion is due by the 20th of March,
for example,
don't need to submit by midnight of 19th.
Try to submit that like at least two,
three days,
or at least four days in advance, right?
You don't have enough time for a tutor to
provide feedback.
And then, you know...
This is that third feedback I've gotten
from him, that's why.
Wow, okay. Normally, okay,
this is one more thing that you have to
be very careful because generally
speaking,
we don't really have more than three
rounds of feedback.
It's very rare unless it's like a very
tiny issue. Three,
two to three rounds of feedback is like
normally where feedback.
It was a tiny issue and now I can't
upload my submission because of the other
Okay.
submission that I made earlier today to
address the feedback earlier,
Okay.
but I made a mistake on the CS file,
so I wanted to upload my actual correct
Yeah.
one.
Okay,
what you can do is you can send a message
to the tutor. Either way,
submit your files, right?
It may be marked as time exceeded by
OnTrack, but send a message to the tutor.
Sorry,
I can't submit the files because it says
in this message,
the submission has already been processed.
Ohh.
Please wait for the current submission
process to complete.
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
File upload fail. That is kind of weird.
I can't really read the message because
it's very blurred. Hang on.
Um, I can send it to you here,
let me check.
Yeah, OK. So that is interesting.
That is very interesting.
To each up.
File in the fail. OK.
Run submission process to complete file.
Okay,
you can actually do a retry upload
because that might be on track.
This is known to happen at times.
So try resubmitting or try re-uploading
with your work.
Okay.
So, do you reckon retry it?
We can electronic.
Okay, when doing that,
it just hasn't worked.
Because, yeah,
we've also seen issues before where
students would submit their files and
OnTrack would fail to convert them into
PDF,
and then you would see like an automated
message saying conversion to PDF failed,
and retry upload to retry submission.
This may be one of those issues. Now,
although I'll admit that this is...
Probably like the first time in a while
that I've seen this exact message,
so maybe just retry upload and also type
in a message in comments,
letting your tutor know.
Okay, no worries, thanks.
Problem.
So then you're on mute.
Yes. Okay.
So I'll just call out everyone who is in
the meeting so that, you know,
we are sure on if we have cleared all
your doubts. So Maddie,
do you have any doubt?
I'm all good. Okay, Mohammad Ahmad Kasim,
do you have any doubts?
Nope, I'm all good.
TARA, do you have any doubt?
No, I'm all good.
Uh, we have Silva Toby.
Do you have any doubt?
Jackson, do you have any doubt?
Mohammad, IKRAM,
do you guys have any doubt?
Sorry, the upload isn't working,
so do you want me to keep retrying?
Because I've been doing it for about half
an hour.
Okay, maybe wait for a bit.
I think, yeah,
also if you're using Chrome,
Hello.
I would suggest you to do it from Edge.
If you're using Edge,
I would suggest you to do it from Chrome.
Maybe you can try that.
If it still gives you an issue,
wait for some time and then get back to
it.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, uh, Mohammad Umair AZIZI,
you have it out,
you have your hand raised.
Yeah, just to make sure, so we, it's like,
so we can submit the test anytime between
between that that time that's given in
the the between the window.
Yes.
Feedback, how long do you reckon?
Maybe after holidays or?
The feedback for the test.
Yes.
I think you'll receive it in five
business working days from the date of
Alright.
your submission.
All right, sure. Thank you.
Thank you.
Now, that being said,
please keep one thing in mind that Friday
is a public holiday and also is the same
for Monday.
So if you submit something on Thursday,
let's say, right,
you may not receive feedback till next
Friday. Okay,
so that's one thing to keep in mind.
Okay,
so can I do some hand execution with
someone? Yes,
if you want you can do it with me and I
had some Mishra.
Yes, you can do it with me if you like.
And if you want to do it with some of
your friends, that's also okay.
But if you want to do it with us,
we are happy to do it on call right now.
You can share a screen and we can do it
Yeah.
together.
Yeah, hang on.
Before you share your screen,
just one more thing.
If it's something to do with your,
with a task or a specific question,
I would say maybe go into a separate call
because this is being recorded.
Or if it's something in general that
Oh, yes, yes.
you'd like us to share, I guess.
Yeah,
if you have a practise test question,
we can do it here.
But if you have something related to a
Yeah.
specific task, we can do a breakout room.
Whatever you like, Jackson.
Excellent.
Okay, and breakout would work better. Now,
how about everyone else?
Any problems or anything? I think IKRAM,
TARA, Edgar, you all were good.
Right.
Yeah, all good for me. Yeah,
you're just working in the next task.
OK.
Thank you.
Okay, awesome. All right, so I'll,
I guess, so then you can call, let me see,
Yep, all good.
Jackson,
and I will maybe hang on to the
background over here,
and if someone has any questions, well,
reach out.
Anthony, yes, please. You are, of course,
you can ask a question. Now,
that being said, while I'm also here,
I'm not constantly monitoring the chat,
right?
So please unmute yourself and speak up.
If you're comfortable, of course.
Yeah, no, I'm fine. I'm just asking.
Because the only reason I'm late is
Mhm.
because the tutor took five days for the
feedback to come back to me,
which is yesterday on Sunday.
So by the time I saw it this morning,
it was overdue.
So if I was to work on it and get
everything correctly,
Okay, so...
but because it took five days for the
feedback,
because I originally submitted this task
on the 22nd.
Oh, okay.
So are you saying you submit on the 22nd
Of this month.
of this month and the first round of
feedback you got was to the morning?
The first round of feedback was the next
day, the 23rd,
Okay.
and then I addressed the feedback,
then he addressed it one more time.
He said one more thing to fix.
Mhm.
Okay.
And then because I did the wrong thing,
I did a water bottle visualisation
visualizer because I thought that was
part of the activity.
Right, uh-huh.
Mhm.
But I had to do the calculator instead.
So I did that.
And then I told him I did that.
And then that's when he took till Sunday,
Uh-huh.
yesterday, till, oh,
I'm not sure if it's a he or a she,
it's a Mishra.
Okay, yep, yep, yep.
But that's what that's what took me
overdue.
Right, okay. So normally, again,
as I mentioned earlier,
you would expect to receive the first
round of feedback within five business
days, right?
And the same thing follows from every
Okay.
subsequent submission.
So that's the reason I mentioned earlier
that when we say the deadline is,
let's say, the 1st of April.
Mmh.
does not mean you submit by the 1st of
April.
It's your job to make sure it's completed
and signed off.
The completion means signed off by a tier
and you see that green tick by the 1st of
April. So, as I said,
generally you'll have maybe do up to two
rounds of feedback or maybe 3.
Two rounds of feedback would be you've
submitted your work three times, right?
So you submit something first time,
you get your first round of feedback.
Let's say you have a resubmit.
That's your second submission.
Yes,
so this morning I submitted the third
time and I accidentally gave the wrong CS
file though and that's why I'm trying to.
Okay.
Okay, so in that case, in that case,
what you can do is you can reach out to
Reading back.
Richard directly and then she should be
able to sort it out. Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, I've put that in the chat,
in that task chat.
Put that in the chat here,
put that in the task chat,
and also reach out to her own teams.
She should be able to help.
Okay, so I can do that over Teams as well,
yeah.
Reach out to her,
explain what's what what has happened,
Okay.
and make sure your submissions are all on
OnTrack.
Don't share your files directly on Teams,
but notify her.
Okay.
Okay, all right, I'll do that.
Thank you for your help.
Right.
So, I have a problem.
Any other questions?
All right,
I think I'll turn my camera off as well.
It is kind of weird sitting here in a
very empty room. So again,
if you have any questions,
please let me know.
I am still here in the background while
you're also working on your task.
I'm also going through some OnTrack
submissions. Any doubts, any questions,
any clarifications that you need?
I'll be there until time of day, alright?
Hey, Baloney, you are on mute.
Anthony,
did you get your question resolved? Yes,
Yep, yep, yep, yep, we've covered a lot.
perfect.
You're on mute again.
Yes, we are done.
I don't know my computer is giving a lot
of issues today, but anyways.
One of those days.
Okay.
OK, no further questions. Wow.
Means everyone's understood everything,
which is a great sign.
Yes, it is. So usually in this class,
this class is very busy for the last
couple of weeks.
We had a lot of messages and till like
Mhm.
till 8 o'clock we were 7.
14 we were very busy.
This is the first class we have done by 7.
20. The first time.
Yeah.
Yeah, my classes,
like I started SID 102 back in 2018,
and you know, 6, 7, eight years ago,
things are very different.
The first five weeks,
I think we would have sessions going on
Yeah, it's that.
Um...
for two hours straight without any
problems, and then...
The numbers would just shrink rapidly
after the initial trimester break.
But well, that is what it is. Mohammad,
do you have one question?
I think you have your hand up here.
Yes, yeah, I do have a question. So,
like I mentioned, Miss Saloni,
I did join a bit late,
but I just wanted to know,
would you like recommend some sort of a
way I could start my work, like,
because I'm completed until P3 for now,
P2P2.
Yes, I am starting P3.
So would you like to recommend a way that
Mm-hmm.
I can do I could focus on them more?
and what resources I should focus on more
to improve my coding and stuff.
Hmm, that's a very interesting question.
Now, that two different answers, I guess.
Now, to focus on entire sides,
just focus on just look at your
programmer's field guide and the material
that's provided to you.
But to improve your programming,
the only answer to that is practice.
You have to solve problems,
understand how things work,
like deep down.
So right now in the first couple of weeks,
you'll be looking at the basic structures,
right? So loops, while, do while,
for loop.
You'll be looking at your sequences.
Later on,
you'll be focusing on functions and
methods. So procedures.
So have a solid understanding of these
concepts, and once you get there.
to actually actually fall in place.
It's more about solving a problem, right?
So keep on asking the same question,
why something works or why, not just how,
The.
but also why something works the way it
does. And if something doesn't work,
YEE.
again, why and how you can fix it?
That should actually help you kind of
And...
solve all these programming puzzles.
I guess, um, Anthony,
awesome work in the Explorer. Yeah,
it might be like a caching issue on on
Chrome if we're using that.
But yeah, coming back to you, Mohammad.
Well, for this unit,
focus on the programming guide,
focus on everything that is being shared
It.
in this unit.
You can definitely go out and look at a
No.
couple of additional resources if you
have that time.
I would generally recommend doing that.
C#,
you can definitely look at the Microsoft
documentation. Python,
look at the official documentation.
And do you have a whole bunch of?
Sorry, yeah,
sorry with documentation again for C#.
Mmh.
So you'll find plenty of info.
Same with C, same with Python.
Any language you pick up,
you'll see many communities and many
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
platforms online where you get whatever
you need.
Yeah.
So I'm just a bit confused about two
things. So in C&C sharp,
OK.
what's sort of like the difference?
Because I know for C it was used to
Yep.
design game engines and C,
I don't really see a baseline because it
was sort of like the,
I don't really know how to explain the
difference between C&C sharp yet.
It's a big difference. Very,
very different languages.
They do have like one thing in common
that is C,
but the languages are very different.
How do I even explain that to you? Like,
you need to understand classes and
objects and how these things were
extended and, you know,
all the new features were developed.
Yeah.
C came first, right? Dennis Ritchie.
I think, who else was there? The author,
I think it was just, right? So you had C,
it's a very, very, yeah, yeah, so you had,
you had the language, right?
Yeah, it was Dennis only.
And you came up with a whole bunch of
different functionalities and features in
there,
and then it was extended to include
classes. That's how you had C,
and then of course,
people identified a lot of problems,
so then came up with different languages,
right? So C, I think Java came next,
and then you had a couple of other
languages.
that came into picture for specific users,
then you add Python.
So depending on what you're using it for,
depending on the domain,
you add different languages that were
developed.
Yeah.
Speaking of differences between C and C,
quite frankly,
I can't give you anything like that
because I'm not even sure if I'll be able
to explain the differences.
at least at this level,
because there's quite a lot.
Right, the framework's different,
the language is different,
What?
the way these languages work,
that is different, right?
How they are compiled, right?
All the libraries, how they work,
how they fit together,
it's all very different.
I have another few other questions to
find if I ask it. So like, yeah, so,
Yeah, go for it.
so Python is an interpreter language,
right? So why, why, why,
Yes.
why do we not like use Python?
Because it's,
it kind of is much faster because we
could interpret the code while we're
doing it other than just compiling the
entire code again and then using.
Not necessarily.
Python seems faster when you're working
with it right now,
but if you're looking at,
let's say something that's very memory
intensive and very memory critical,
Python might not actually give you what
you really want, right? So for example,
Yeah.
if you're looking at some...
Let's say code for routers and switches.
I would definitely go for C, right?
I've done that. So back in 2013, 2014,
I used to do that,
write code for routers and switches.
In that instance,
you would definitely need something very
high performance, right?
So you'd be able to manage all the memory.
Wait, hang on. Are you still here? Oh,
yeah, I'm still there. Okay,
so you'll be able to manage things like
manually, right?
Yeah, I'm there.
So it was actually pretty good. Python,
well, Python,
I think it is a good language, yes,
but if you compare the speed,
the execution speed.
That would be a big difference.
Okay, so one more thing is.
Just not so sure about uh,
like why do we use um Python for?
the deep LLMs and not C or C#.
I have a lot of questions regarding that.
Yeah.
Okay,
the answer to that question I think would
be libraries.
I mean,
if if you if you go deep down and see how
those things are written,
you'll find a lot of C&C in between.
I'm just gonna leave it at that, right?
Ohh.
Yeah, okay.
It's not like C&C are not used, right?
So think about now what exactly Python
code is like.
How are the libraries developed?
Where do these things, you know,
come together?
Mm.
They have libraries.
Libraries, yeah.
Then the main function, so sorry,
the main function is in C.
Do we have anything to see? A lot of it.
It's not just about the main function,
right? It's also about the community,
the libraries that are there,
and what's more readily available.
I guess with C,
you won't really find much, I guess.
Literally everyone's using Python for
data science and AI applications.
So, I guess.
YEE.
But that does not mean nobody uses C or C,
because you have a lot of firmware that's
Entily.
Yeah.
written in that language.
Yeah, so the yeah,
I think that's about it for my questions.
Thank you so much.
Interesting questions, actually, right?
Thank you.
But yeah, like the core implementation,
right? I mean, Python itself,
Okay.
I think if I'm not wrong,
it was kind of written in C itself.
Yeah.
So in a way, Python is technically C,
but not really C.
Python is much, Python seems much faster.
Is it because of the abstraction or what?
It doesn't seem, okay,
it seems faster because I guess you can
write code and run stuff very quickly,
but if you're looking at something that
YEE.
runs on an enterprise level or something
at that stage,
it can be slightly slower because then
you have two different layers.
C or C on the other hand would compile
directly into what?
Machine language.
Into something that's much,
much lower down the line, right?
So it's at a very low level,
which runs much faster in memory, if you,
So, but see, yeah, sorry, sorry, but...
if you have less, yeah.
But with, yeah, with C,
you can directly access register
variables, right?
You can directly access your CPU
registers.
Not sure if you know what those are,
Yeah.
but it gives you a lot more control.
Can be a bit more dangerous as well,
but it gives you a lot more control and
more speed.
Yeah, and so in C#,
so it just converts the language into
intermediate language, right?
So it's more like executable in other
Byte code, byte code,
it's kind of the same as like how Java
computers as well. Oh yeah.
was written as well, right?
So you would have like a machine code,
like you'd have a JVM,
then you'd have intermediate byte code,
Thank you.
and then it could be run anywhere.
Think about how...
C works, it's kind of similar.
Oh, okay, okay. I get the idea.
Right.
One more question,
so I'm not really sure I ran into much.
Yeah, sure.
So,
I'm not really sure if I ran into much
issues when I came in when I set up.
Can I can I request a breakout from?
Is it fine? I'm gonna share my screen.
Yeah, sure, yeah, yeah, sure, sure. No,
no, no, don't share it here.
I'll call you separately.
Okay, thank you so much.
Alright, give me a minute, yeah.
Hi Jackson,
I see that you've done your hand
execution.
Do you want to paste or like you want to
take a picture and put it here?
I don't think so. He's in the meeting. Oh,
you are. Yes.
PHAM.
Do you want to put a screenshot,
like a picture into the meeting or the
chat?
Just one point before you do that.
If it's something to do with the actual
task,
I wouldn't recommend sharing it right now.
Maybe send it to Siruni personally.
If it's if it's from the sample or
something, or something in general,
And.
then yes.
Yeah, if it's yeah,
then personal should be good.
Oh, okay.
So maybe just send it to me in person and
we can have a look.
All right, it is coming close to 7.50.
I'm assuming we don't really have any
more questions and it's just us here has
been very quiet.
I think unless we have any further
questions,
I think we can wind up the session.
Yes, definitely. Yes,
all the best for the test and we'll see
Yep, still that then.
you in the next class.
See you guys.
Bye bye. Bye, Ben.
It was nice meeting you. Bye.
Right.
Yeah, likewise, bye.